well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about what
the entire country
all of the united states can learn from
the university of florida
we're going to talk about perception and
association
and tradition i'm going to say something
incredibly surprising and when i do i
need you to stick with me because
there's a point to it
and we're going to do all of this
because right now
in gainesville florida at uf there is a
conversation
happening that should be happening all
over the u.s
it encapsulates it
okay but before we get into that i need
to conduct a little demonstration
what i'm gonna say is one hundred
percent true but i need you to stick
with me
no matter how surprising it may seem
if you don't know i know
literally hundreds of current
or former military contractors
something i know to be 100 true with
absolutely no exceptions is that every
white contractor follows the law
and every black contractor i have ever
met is a criminal
i imagine there's a whole bunch of
raised eyebrows
except for those who are contractors
because they know where i'm going with
this
white and black in this context have
absolutely nothing to do with skin tone
has to do with the type of assignments
you would be willing to accept
black contracting is illegal
it's what it means so yeah every black
contractor
is a criminal i would like to point out
just for the sake of clarity
that probably 97 percent of the
contractors i know that have done black
work
are white they look like me
but made you uncomfortable when i first
said it because
that's not the connotation it has for
you that's not the association you make
you don't know that terminology you
don't know the origins of those terms so
it's a little uncomfortable now for me
to
alleviate that and
elevate everybody's experience all i
have to say is
those who engage in black contracting
are
criminals then it's clear small
change on my part means absolutely
nothing enhances
everybody's experience sounds good
okay now let's get to uf the university
of florida has decided to stop
using a very specific cheer because it
has a term in it
now if you went to uf or you're an acr
you know that the term
doesn't uh it didn't originate
the way a lot of people think it did it
has no racist connotation
it came from actually a black guy
saying if you're not a gator your gator
bait
has to do with the school's mascot
nothing else
however outside of that circle
the perception may be a little different
maybe not to everybody but to a
significant portion of people
it might be different it may
evoke images of something that's pretty
horrible
especially in the south especially among
black americans if you are overseas and
don't know or you're from
another part of the country and may not
know gator bait was a term that was used
in a very derogatory fashion um
up to the early 1900s i think
and then during slavery it was literal
it was literal i don't want to get too
far into it because it is absolutely
horrible
just picture slavery babies
gator bait in the most literal sense you
can imagine
so to those from gainesville
or those who went to uf you know what it
means you know it has nothing to do with
that whatsoever
in the context it's being used at these
games that's not what it means
but to everybody else
maybe a significant portion it's going
to evoke some other images
it's something to consider especially
given when
that cheer gets used at a sporting event
where everybody's supposed to be having
a good time
why evoke those images if you don't have
to and i get it
it's tradition kind of i mean it's been
around like 25 years
it's a tradition but it's not a huge one
you know
it's not a long lasting one it's a cool
saying
and believe me i spent enough time
throwing up on the side of university
avenue i know
i get it but there's another tradition
at uf
there's another one that i think is
probably more important
when you're talking about the south name
a more forward-thinking school
it's gonna be real hard i think that may
be
the tradition that's more important to
honor
we can look back or we can look to the
future
yeah it doesn't really have that meaning
it doesn't that's not where it came from
but the perception is there and all it
takes is a little change
to enhance everybody's experience
and that's what's happening nationwide
that's the conversation that's going on
we have the way things were and the way
things could be
and all it takes is a bunch of little
changes
to enhance everybody's experience and
all it takes to make that happen
is just to acknowledge that everybody
doesn't see things the same way
that the perceptions of things because
of history
color everybody's view
of different events and all we have to
do is to take that into consideration
not everybody knows the origin stories
to stuff
little changes can enhance everybody's
experience
especially when you're talking about
stuff that's deep rooted
small changes a bunch of them by
themselves they mean nothing
but together it's a revolution
it's a complete shift in the way we do
things
little baby changes that can add up
i think it's fitting that it's happening
at uf
and the school made the decision they're
dropping the cheers
however i also know enough about
gainesville to know that the students
may do it on their own
or those who the alumni who come back
for games
don't don't let the small
change happen enhance everybody's
experience don't be the person that
stands in the way of that just for
tradition's sake
let's move forward let's move forward at
uf
and let's move forward in this country
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day